N3LO flavor decomposition (#280)
NNPDF/yadism: docs/source/theory/nonsinglet.rst

and :math:`g_q` a suitable electroweak coupling.
As before in Yadism we rotate the coefficients to a new basis.

.. math::

   C_{ns} \otimes \left(\sum\nolimits_q e_q^2 ~ q_-\right) +
   C_{v} \otimes \left(\sum\nolimits_q \ev{e^2} ~ q_-\right)\\

with

.. math::

   q_- = q - \bar{q}

Note that the gluon can not generate a parity violating term.

Charged Current
---------------

CC can be treated in an analogous way, simply:

- when the incoming quark is *directly* coupling (*non-singlet*) to the EW boson
  (so :math:`W_{\pm}`) only the flavor or the anti-flavor may have a non-zero
  coupling, but not both
- when the incoming quark is *indirectly* coupling through a gluon (*singlet*)
  nothing change, because the average has to be done on half the objects, but
  being an average this amounts to multiply and divide by :math:`2`

Higher Orders
-------------

The decomposition of the quark sector in different partonic channels
has the advantage to facilitate the relations with higher orders
QCD corrections.

- :math:`C_{ns}` is always the leading contribution as correspond
  to diagram in which the incoming flavor is coupling directly to the
  electroweak boson.

> - :math:`C_{g}` is  suppressed suppressed by :math:`\mathcal{O}(a_s)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :math:`C_{g}` is suppressed by :math:`\mathcal{O}(a_s)`
```

  as the gluon need to radiate a quark-antiquark pair before coupling
  with a electroweak boson.

> - :math:`C_{ps},C_{v}` are suppressed suppressed by :math:`\mathcal{O}(a_s^2)` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :math:`C_{ps},C_{v}` are suppressed by :math:`\mathcal{O}(a_s^2)` or
```

  :math:`\mathcal{O}(a_s^3)` respectively as they are related to diagrams
  where the incoming flavor line is not coupling directly with the electroweak boson.

> From N3LO an new class of diagrams, called :math:`fl_{11}`, can appear for
> the parity conserving structure functions, bot in the quark and gluon sector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From N3LO on a new class of diagrams, called :math:`fl_{11}`, can appear for
the parity conserving structure functions, both in the quark and gluon sector
```

> :cite:`Larin:1996wd`. In these diagram the incoming and outgoing bosons are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:cite:`Larin:1996wd`. In these diagrams the incoming and outgoing bosons are
```
